README.md, before:

1. Create a new repository on Github account and clone back to my computer. 
2. Use the 'git add', 'git commit', and 'git push' commands to save and push my code to my Github repository. 
3. Original page before changing. (./Assets/01-html-css-git-homework-demo.png)

Create new class '.benefit-item'
1. create new class '.benefit-item' to group old classes '.benefit-lead', '.benefit-brand', '.benefit-cost'.
2. Reason: tidy up the code from 3 classes into 1 class.
3. CSS cannot target class "benefit-item" in index.html, we need to change <div class="benefit-lead">, <div class="benefit-brand">, <div class="benefit-cost"> to <div class="benefit-item">. 
4. Save and check the website. Screen shot 'change benefit-item Css html'
5. Push to github to finish "benefit-item"

Create new class '.benefit-item h3'
1. create new class '.benefit-item h3' to group old classes '.benefit-lead h3', '.benefit-brand h3', '.benefit-cost h3'.
2. Reason: tidy up the code from 3 classes into 1 class, also it will help CSS files to target the correct <div class="benefit-item h3"> in html file. 
3. Save and check the website. Screen shot 'change benefit-item h3 CSS and HTML file'
4. Push to github to finish "benefit-item h3"

Create new class '.benefit-item image'
1. create new class '.benefit-item img' to group old classes '.benefit-lead img', '.benefit-brand img', '.benefit-cost img'.
2. Reason: tidy up the code from 3 classes into 1 class, also it will help CSS files to target the correct <div class="benefit-item img"> in html file.
3. Save and check the website. Screen shot 'change benefit-item img CSS and HTML file'
4. Push to github to finish "benefit-item img"

Commit message:

create content-item to group class in CSS and HTML

README.md, after:

1. Create a new repository on Github account and clone back to my computer. 
2. Use the 'git add', 'git commit', and 'git push' commands to save and push my code to my Github repository. 
3. Original page before changing. (./Assets/01-html-css-git-homework-demo.png)

Create new class '.benefit-item'
1. create new class '.benefit-item' to group old classes '.benefit-lead', '.benefit-brand', '.benefit-cost'.
2. Reason: tidy up the code from 3 classes into 1 class.
3. CSS cannot target class "benefit-item" in index.html, we need to change <div class="benefit-lead">, <div class="benefit-brand">, <div class="benefit-cost"> to <div class="benefit-item">. 
4. Save and check the website. Screen shot 'change benefit-item Css html'
5. Push to github to finish "benefit-item"

Create new class '.benefit-item h3'
1. create new class '.benefit-item h3' to group old classes '.benefit-lead h3', '.benefit-brand h3', '.benefit-cost h3'.
2. Reason: tidy up the code from 3 classes into 1 class, also it will help CSS files to target the correct <div class="benefit-item h3"> in html file. 
3. Save and check the website. Screen shot 'change benefit-item h3 CSS and HTML file'
4. Push to github to finish "submit change to 'benefit-item h3"

Create new class '.benefit-item image'
1. create new class '.benefit-item img' to group old classes '.benefit-lead img', '.benefit-brand img', '.benefit-cost img'.
2. Reason: tidy up the code from 3 classes into 1 class, also it will help CSS files to target the correct <div class="benefit-item img"> in html file.
3. Save and check the website. Screen shot 'change benefit-item img CSS and HTML file'
4. Push to github to finish "submit change to 'benefit-item img'

Create new class '.content-item'
1. create new class '.content-item' to group old classes '.search-engine-optimization', '.online-reputation-management', '.social-media-marketing'.
2. Reason: tidy up the code from 3 classes into 1 class.
3. CSS cannot target class ".content-item" in index.html, we need to change <div class="search-engin-optimization">, <div class="online-repuation-management">, <div class="social-media-marketing"> to <div class="content-item">. 
4. Save and check the website. Screen shot 'change content-item Css html'
5. Push to github to finish "change content-item"
